Add "Comments" anti-pattern to the guides (#12758)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/anti-patterns/code-anti-patterns.md

## Comments

#### Problem

> When you overuse comments or comment self-explanatory code, it can have the effect of making code *less readable*.

Reviewer: I agree with this example and circumstance, where comments are made unnecessarily to compensate for poorly 'declarative' code. However, in the context of Elixir, I understand that this smell also applies in situations where it is necessary to document a function, but it is done through comments rather than using @doc.

Reviewer: > @lucasvegi those are completely different concerns IMO. I think that's about documentation, not about comments.

But you agree with me that this is not a good practice, okay (documentation by comments)?

Reviewer 2: @whatyouhide I think we should add a note that Elixir make a clear distinction between code comments and documentation and that they have different audiences. We can refer them to the "writing-documentation.md" guide.

Author: @josevalim done.

> But you agree with me that this is not a good practice (documentation by comments), ok?

@lucasvegi public documentation through comments is not a good practice, no. Private documentation through comments is totally fine, IMO.

#### Example

```elixir
# Returns the Unix timestamp of 5 minutes from the current time
defp unix_five_min_from_now do
  # Get the current time
  now = DateTime.utc_now()

  # Convert it to a Unix timestamp
  unix_now = DateTime.to_unix(now, :second)

  # Add five minutes in seconds
  unix_now + (60 * 5)
end
```

#### Refactoring

Prefer clear and self-explanatory function names, module names, and variable names when possible. In the example above, the function name explains well what the function does, so you likely won't need the comment before it. The code also explains the operations well through variable names and clear function calls.

You could refactor the code above like this:

```elixir

> @five_min_in_seconds 60 * 5

Reviewer 3: Also a big fan of this pattern ❤️

#### Example

```elixir
# Returns the Unix timestamp of 5 minutes from the current time
defp unix_five_min_from_now do
  # Get the current time
  now = DateTime.utc_now()

  # Convert it to a Unix timestamp
  unix_now = DateTime.to_unix(now, :second)

  # Add five minutes in seconds
  unix_now + (60 * 5)
end
```

#### Refactoring

Prefer clear and self-explanatory function names, module names, and variable names when possible. In the example above, the function name explains well what the function does, so you likely won't need the comment before it. The code also explains the operations well through variable names and clear function calls.

You could refactor the code above like this:

```elixir
@five_min_in_seconds 60 * 5

defp unix_five_min_from_now do
  unix_now = DateTime.to_unix(DateTime.utc_now(), :second)
  unix_now + @five_min_in_seconds
end
```

We removed the unnecessary comments. We also added a `@five_min_in_seconds` module attribute, which serves the additional purpose of giving a name to the "magic" number `60 * 5`, making the code clearer and more expressive.

> #### Documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Additional remarks
```

> Elixir makes a clear distinction between **public documentation** and code comments. The language has built-in first-class support for documentation through `@doc`, `@moduledoc`, and more. See the [*Writing documentation*](writing-documentation.html) guide for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Elixir makes a clear distinction between **documentation** and code comments. The language has built-in first-class support for documentation through `@doc`, `@moduledoc`, and more. See the ["Writing documentation"](../references/writing-documentation.md) guide for more information.
```

Author: @josevalim hrm, works with this too:

```
file:///Users/andrea/Code/elixir/doc/elixir/writing-documentation.html
```

Do we prefer the `.md` style of links for some reason? Just learning here so that I know what to do next time.

Reviewer 2: md style also works on GitHub.  For generating the docs, anything works. ExDoc only gets the last segment (as there is no hierarchy in ExDoc hosted pages).

Author: Ah ok cool, didn't think about GH.
